Why is ClashRoyale so unfair and unbalanced ?

Nearly 80 t o90 percent of the opponents i habe to fight come with at least one or two grades of ALL cards higher, than my deck. So it is sometimes possible to beat them by skill and using some tactic tricks.
But this is very rare. So overall gaming is more or less a sort of pain in the ass. As nearly everyone who beats someone starts to emoji flame right afterwards. Yeah, good boy, took a guy with an overpowered deck or at least one heavily overpowerd card, i.e. Golem @ 13 GOLD.
Wow, you're the man! -> I personally state that you fucking dump ass are to dump to find your own ass in the dark and as you might want to look up noob / skillless in a dictionary, don't be suprised finding a picture of you, right next to the explaination.

Coming to Supercell now. What the hell is wrong with you guys ?! There is no doubt that the community (pay2win) LOOSERS feed you. And yes, i mean it right away as i am writing this here. You earn your monthly money paid by 8 to 16 years old kids.
CONGRATULATIONS! 

And coming from the point, were i am surely not the only one who get's fucked up by that game, you treat your community like shit.

I've maid my self aware about your Parents guide were you stated some outstanding interesting things. Obviously you are very concerned about "fair play" and game addicting. You've stated that
parents don't hesitate to contact Supercell in case of concerns and getting more support and advice how to handle this. So i made myself up and wrote a long term letter of questions i had related to the kind of how you understand the mannor of fair play in this particulra game.
I was asked to place some Player ID of the kid, because otherwise noone at supercell could look into the case. I spared it out, duee to the fact, that my questions weren't case related. They were globaly valid and generelly asked.
This letter wwent out. Some days afterwards i recieved a notice, that my questions can't be answered due to the missing player id.

LAughing out loud!. Yeah you are indeed such a superstioious global company who has to hide behind those kinda walls to hide yourself for being asked relevant questions wich really won't comfort you.

I tried to reach out by phone to finally find some valuable discussion about what's behind the throuth intention. In short, i was told to be a noob at gaming.
Wow, might be, but i am wondering how the nice guy at the line could know that without looking into any gamestats etc. And doesn't matter what facts i tried to give him to rethink
this, he was really confident to be right. Yeah thank you. Very appreciated.

So my next steps took me to some Reddit posts, and hey there was at least one guy who exactly wrote down what i also came over, and nobody would believe it but, Supercell (or some guy claiming to be them) answered.
to the Statements to be unfair at gaming and all the mentioned flaws with their products, and why SC is so COO & and CEO driven, they stated, that every decission on gameplay is taken by the gamedevelopers themself.
There is no big bad greedy Boss, dictating them to squeeze out the last cents/crowns/gems of their players. Believe it or not, why are you behaving like this ?

Coming to a first end at this point for now. 
